=== PAGE 1 ===
Recommendations 
Having low spreads is very important, a high spread, can totally compromises your trading, it can transform 
winnings into ->->->->-> losses 
For all Expert Advisor an ECN broker is strongly recommended, you can use: 
https://roboforex.com/?a=syok 
 
 
 
Dark Venus Full strategy explanation 
 
BASIC SETTINGS 
▪ Magic Number: ID number of the orders. 
▪ Max Spread: maximum spread to trade. 
Money Management Settings 
▪ Lots: number of lots, if the money management option is disabled. 
▪ Money Management: if true enables the money management option.  
▪ Risk Percent: if the money management option is enabled, it indicates the risk amount, based 
on your account balance. 
▪ Max Lot Amount: the EA cannot open a lot larger than this (put 0 for disable) 
Indicators Settings 
Bollinger Bands 
▪ Enable Bollinger Bands: if true, enable Bollinger Bands indicator 
▪ Bollinger Bands Strategies: This parameter is complex and will be explained in the next 
section (go below) 
▪ Moment of the signal: “bar close price” The previous bar will be considered for each signal 
“Current Price” the current Bar Price (or bid) will be considered for each signal 
▪ Bollinger Bands Period: periods of the Bollinger Bands indicator. 
▪ Bollinger Bands Deviations: Standard Deviations for Bollinger Bands Upper and Lower Band 
▪ Bollinger Bands Price: Price to calculate Bollinger Bands indicator 
▪ Bollinger Bands Timeframe: timeframe for apply the Bollinger Bands indicator. 
Trading Hour 
▪ Enable Time Filter: if true, enables the time filter (if false, EA can trade during any hour) 
▪ Trading Start Hour: operating start Hour 
▪ Trading Start Minute: operating start minutes 
▪ Trading Stop Hours: operating end Hour 
▪ Trading Stop Minute: operating end minutes 
▪ Close everything Out of hours: close all orders at the end of the timetable. 
=== PAGE 2 ===
Note: By default, grid operations don't have to respect trading hours, to change this, go to grid 
settings 
Trading Days 
▪ Monday: if true, Trading on this Day is allowed. 
▪ Tuesday: if true, Trading on this Day is allowed. 
▪ Wednesday: if true, Trading on this Day is allowed. 
▪ Thursday: if true, Trading on this Day is allowed. 
▪ Friday: if true, Trading on this Day is allowed. 
▪ Saturday: if true, Trading on this Day is allowed. 
▪ Sunday: if true, Trading on this Day is allowed. 
Note: By default, grid operations don't have to respect trading days, to change this, go to grid 
settings 
Trading Directions 
▪ Allow Buy: if true, Ea can trade with buy orders. 
▪ Allow Sell: if true, Ea can trade with sell orders. 
▪ Allow Buy and Sell at the same time: If true, I can have 1 Trade buy and 1 Trade sell (or 
more) at the same time. If false, I cannot open a trade buy with 1 Trade Sell at market. and 
viceversa 
▪ Allow Order From others charts at same time: If true, I can have 1 Trade from this chart and 
1 Trade from another chart (or more) at the same time. If false, I cannot open a trade from 
the current chart with 1 Trade from another chart at market. 
Note: grid operations don't have to respect Allow Buy and Allow Sell, So if a sell order is already 
open, it is possible to open other sell orders 
Trading Settings 
▪ Max Orders Buy: Maximum number of orders, for long 
▪ Max Orders Sell: Maximum number of orders, for short 
▪ One Trade Bar: if true, robot can open only one trade for bar. Note, this is for the first order 
of the series, it is not for Grid orders, for grid orders go to the grid settings below. 
▪ Do Not Open Orders if there is Closed Order on Current Bar 
▪ Orders Timeframe: Timeframes for the orders (related to One Trade Bar and 
DoNotOpenOrders...) 
Grid Settings 
▪ Enable Grid: if true, enable grid orders, if false, disable grid orders, in this case, I 
recommended you, to go to set a stop loss. 
▪ Grid Orders Comply Max Spread Condition: if true, grid orders respect the "Max Spread" 
parameter for open at market 
▪ Grid Orders Comply Indicators Conditions: if true, grid orders respect all the Indicators 
Conditions for open at market ( if false, They will be based on the Minimum Distance and 
other parameters that may be set) 
▪ Grid Orders Comply Hours Conditions: if true, grid orders respect Trading Hours set above, for 
open at market. (if false, grid orders will open at any time) 
▪ Grid Orders Comply Week Days Conditions: if true, grid orders respect Trading Days settings 
for open at market. (if false, grid orders can open also if a day is on “false” status) 
▪ Grid Management: Type of Lots management. -> Below you will find a very detailed 
explanation of this setting. 
▪ Coefficient Grid Management: Multiplier for, lots sum, martingale, all lots sum. -> Below you 
will find a very detailed explanation of this setting. 
=== PAGE 3 ===
▪ Min Distance: Min Distance for Next Order in Point. -> Below you will find a very detailed 
explanation of this setting. 
▪ Min Distance Multiplier: Multiply Min Distance for Each Orders. If 2 for example, Min Distance 
Doubles for any open order 
▪ One Trade Bar Grid: if true, robot can open only one trade for bar for grid orders. 
▪ Grid Order Timeframe: (related on “One Trade Bar Grid”) 
▪ Min Distance On Atr: Min Distance for new grid order calculate on Atr Value * Multiplier. 
▪ Atr Period: Atr Periods for calculate atr for min distance. 
▪ Atr Multiplier: Value for multiply Atr. 
▪ Atr Timeframe: Atr timeframe for calculate atr min distance. 
Closure on Indicator 
● Enable Closing on Bollinger Bands: Enable to close Trades on Bollinger Bands Rules 
● Closure Type: Select the rules, for close orders on Bollinger bands 
‘Close on Opposite signal’: Buy orders will be closed when we have a Sell signal, and 
viceversa 
'Close on Central Band' Work only with 'Sell Above and Buy Below' and 'Buy Above and Sell 
Below'. The Trades will be closed as soon as the central band is passed 
Target Settings 
▪ Take Target: Coefficient Target in Point. (This is a Global Take Profit, for open orders on the 
current chart) (sell and buy separated) 
▪ Different Take Target for first order: if true, use a Different Take Target if we have only 1 
order at market. (the first order of a series) 
▪ Take Target first orders: if previous parameter is Enabled (true), you have to set the Take 
Target for the first order 
▪ Stop Target: Coefficient Stop in point. (this is a Global Stop Loss in point, for open orders on 
the current chart) (fir Buy or sell)  Note: By default is disabled, for enabled it, check next 
parameter 
▪ Stop Target Mode: by default disabled, then you can change in “First Order” or “default” 
“First order” mean, The global Stop Loss will be placed X points from the first order. When it 
is reached, all open orders will be closed at a loss (sell and buy separated) 
“Default” mean, the global Stop Loss will be  placed X point from the ‘Weighted average of 
the entry point’ for the current open orders. When it reached, all open orders will be closed 
at a loss. (sell and buy separated) 
▪ Close Trades Only at End of Bar: if true, close Trade only at end of bar. (I mean only at the 
end of the bar time, on the "Close" price) 
▪ Close Mode: You can change the default calculation method, both for stop target and take 
target -> 
in “Average Point” so without weigh the amount of the lot.  
“Breakeven” Grid orders will be closed as soon as they hit 0 profit/loss (This option is not 
considered when there is only 1 open order per direction) 
Fix Money as a point: If take target is 50 points, the profit will be closed with 50 cents profit 
for every 0.01 open lots 
Monetary Loss 
▪ Enable Monetary Loss: if true, close on “monetary loss amount”. 
▪ Multiply Monetary Loss: if true, Multiply “Monetary Loss amount” X 100 X Start Lot amount 
▪ Stop EA after Monetary loss: Remove the EA from chart When Maximum Monetary Loss is Hit. 
▪ Maximum Monetary Loss: Loss in Money for close all orders. 
Percentage Loss 
=== PAGE 4 ===
▪ Enable Percentage Loss: if true, close on “Loss Amount in Percentage” amount in percentage 
of account balance. 
▪ Stop EA after Percentage Loss: Remove the EA from chart When “Loss Amount in Percentage” 
is Hit. 
▪ Loss Amount in Percentage: Loss in Percentage on the account balance, for close all orders. 
Average Trailing Stop 
● Enable Average Trailing Stop: if true, enable average trailing stop 
● Only In Profit: if true, the average trailing stop start only if trades are in Profit 
● Broker Commission: Put your broker commission amount for 1 lot trade 
● Average Trailing Stop Value: Trailing Stop Value in point 
● Average Trailing Step Value: Trailing Step Value in point 
Note: The Average Trailing Stop, acts on all open orders in one direction (buy and sell) by calculating 
the weighted average entry point 
Note 2: you can see the Yellow line for it 
Close Trade Settings  
▪ Freezes All Friday: no position will be changed, the Ea is completely frozen. 
▪ Freezes Hour: Time of the previous parameter. 
▪ Close Friday Night: it makes it much more likely that we will not have orders in the weekend, 
in fact, it closes all orders in earnings and prevents the opening of other orders. (but if we 
have orders at a loss, they will be left open, to allow the grid to recover) 
▪ Close Friday Hour: Time of the previous parameter. 
▪ Forced Close Friday Night: Forced closure even if orders are at a loss. 
▪ Forced Close Friday Hour: Time of the previous parameter. 
Graphic Settings 
▪ Custom Comment: personalized comment for each order. 
▪ Show Panel: if true, Show Info Panel 
▪ Show Button: if true, Show close Buy, close sell, and close all buttons 
▪ Custom Chart: if true, use my favorite colors for the current trading chart. 
▪ Show Alert: if true, show spread and others useful alert 
▪ Spread Value for alert: if spread is over this value, EA show an alert 
▪ Latency Value for Alert: if latency in MS is more then this, EA show an alert 
Note: these alert are only on during the first start of the EA 
Optimization Settings 
● Minimum Trades: If the number of Trades is less than this, OnTester value will be 0 
Note: for this EA, by default, OnTester Value is net Profit/Monetary Drawdown 
 
 
 
BASE 
The First Trade is open based on Bollinger Bands Indicator. 
=== PAGE 5 ===
Everything else acts as a filter and trade management.  
 
 
Order Timeframe: 
If One Trade Bar is enabled, the expert opens maximum One Trade for bar. if we are on M1 and we 
select M5, will open 1 trade each 5 minute bar. it will therefore look like 1 trade every 5 bars (from 
the m1 view) 
You can change it from “Order Timeframe”.  
With Alternation Opening Bars you can change the order step, from all the bars (0 default) to for 
example, a bar yes, a bar no (1) or….. 1 bar yes, 2 bars no (2) etc ... 
BOLLINGER BANDS 
Bollinger Bands Strategies: To understand these, I Strongly recommended to apply the Bollinger Bands on 
the chart, during a Backtest or demo trading 
Then: Sell Above and Buy Below 
 
Here you can see, The first order, which was opened as a Sell, as it is the bar overtook the upper band 
For the “Buy Above and Sell Below” The rules are reversed, and we would have opened a Buy 
For “Up Trend Buy and Down Trend Sell” Only the central band is taken into consideration, with a Trend at 
the top we open a Buy, with a Trend at the bottom we open a Sell 
To determine the trend, we consider the last 8 bars 
“Down Trend Buy and Up Trend Sell” the reverse, so for Up trend we go Sell and for Down Trend we go 
Buy, this can be useful for Counter Trend instruments  
“Cross Up Central Band in Up Trend Buy” This strategy is slightly more complex, it requires 2 conditions 

=== PAGE 6 ===
 
A downtrend of at least 5 bars is required -> So it is also necessary that the central bar is "crossed" by the 
price, in the direction of the order.  
In the image we see a Short Trend 
And we see that the order has been opened after a big red bar that crossed the center band! 
Cross Down Central Band in Down Trend Buy: In this case, all is on opposite side (for a Buy Trade, we need 
short trend and short cross) -> also this is for Counter Trend Strategy 
 
FILTERS 
All these indicators and settings are filters. 
Clarification: all filters, will affect the first order open, grid orders will be opened anyway, on the step and 
modality defined below. You can also activate these filters in the grid settings, Separately. 
Standard time filter 
Standard Trading Days filter 
Standard Direction Filter 
 
GRID 
Grid Management: Type of Lots management. 
4 forms of lots management are available 
● Fix: all trades = fix lot 
● Lots sum: we sum base lot * Coefficient grid management. 
Example, if I have 1 order buy and grid management is 1, next buy order will be 0.02, 0.03, 0.04 
… 
If I have 5 buy orders, first sell order will be 0.01. 

=== PAGE 7 ===
All Lots Sum 
we count all the orders. 
Example, if I have 1 order buy and grid management is 1, next buy order will be 0.02, 0.03, 0.04 
… 
If I have 5 buy orders, first sell order will be 0.06.  all lots sum, buy + sell orders so 
Martingale 
Classic lot multiplier. So if Coefficient Grid Management = 2. First order 0.01, second order 0.02, 
0.04, 0.08, 0.16……. 
You can also use decimal value for all Grid management coefficient like 1.5, 1.1 etc….. 
 
Min Distance: Distance for Next Order in point, if “One Trade Bar Grid” is false and “Min Distance On 
Atr” is false. -> otherwise this is the Minimum Distance, for open a grid trade 
Min Distance Multiplier, multiply the Minimum Distance for the number of orders, for example if min 
distance is 100, and this multiplier is 1.5, the First grid order will be at 100 point, the second at 15 
point, the third at 225 point (150*1.5), the 4° at 337 point (225*1.5) 
If “One Trade Bar Grid” is on true, we open only on Open of new Bar and Min Distance from previous 
order. Grid Order Timeframe is about this parameter. 
Min Distance On Atr: Min Distance for new grid order calculate on Atr Value * Multiplier. 
Atr Multiplier: Value for multiply Atr. 
 
Closure on Indicator 
This section enable you to close the Trades on the Main Indicator of the EA, in this case, Bollinger 
Bands 
“Close on Opposite Signal” mean, the trade or trades will be close on the opposite signal (of the 
current strategy, so if there is Buy Signal, all Sell trades will be closed 
Image Example: 
=== PAGE 8 ===
 
This Example use “Sell Above and Buy Below” Bollinger Bands Strategy, on Opposite signal (Buy 
Below) the Sell trades has been closed 
“Close on Central Band” mean the Trades will be closed in central band, but this “close type” can be 
used only with “sell above and buy below” and reverse (the second stratey) 
For the other 4 it would not make sense 
Target Settings  
▪ Close Mode: how to calculate exit point. 
a) Average Point. 
b) Average Point Weighted: based on Lots value. 
Example, we open 1 trade sell for 0.01 at 1.00010. 
1 trade sell for 0.03 at 1.00050 
So (1.00050*0.03)+(1.00010*0.01) all / (0.03+0.01) 
So 150+10= 160, /4 = 40.  So 1.00040, when price hit this point we close all trades. 
c) Breakeven: Close Grid Orders to breakeven. 
If we have 1 order, it close to take target, if we have 2 orders or more, if Ea see trades in gain, 
immediately close. 
d) Fix Point: Close Grid Orders to Fix Point Take Target. If take target is 50, it close all 
orders to 0.50 cent (if you have 0.01 as a basic lot) 
 
Close Trade Settings  
● Take Target On Atr: when this setting is active, the take target value will not be used, but 
the calculated Real Time value based on atr will be used.   
Example: 

=== PAGE 9 ===
Take Target Atr Period: 9 
Take Target Multiplier: 2.5 
Take Target Timeframe: Current 
If we are in M5, Ea create a Atr Indicator, with 9 periods, in M5. If for example value is 0.00070, it 
multiply the value * 2.5 so = 0.00175  this is our New Take Target value for this trade (175 point) 
 
 
 
 
for now these are the settings, for more information contact me! Very thanks! 
Recommendations 
For all Expert Advisor an ECN broker is strongly recommended, you can use: 
https://roboforex.com/?a=syok 
Having low spreads is very important, a high spread, can totally compromises your trading, it can transform 
winnings into ->->->->-> losses 
Your platform must also remain open 24 hours a day, to make the robot work properly 

=== PAGE 10 ===
So, for all Expert Advisor a high quality and low latency windows VPS is strongly recommended, you can 
use: https://dipgate.com/aff.php?aff=2 
The VPS is a sort of small computer, totally online, check this 1 minute example video for access to your 
new vps: https://youtu.be/jnp4_hXt11E  
Thank you very much for your attention. 
Telegram Channel Link: https://t.me/darktradingchannel  
Download Others High Quality Free EAs: https://www.mql5.com/en/users/msolito59/seller 
 
 
Disclaimer 
Dark Venus is an educational Expert Advisor. Any information, advice or trading strategy should NOT be understood in any way as a personalized 
investment operating advice, nor as a solicitation to collect public savings. The results presented, real or simulated, the trading analysis, the training 
videos and the general material published are intended as information for an indistinct public and do not constitute any guarantee regarding 
hypothetical future operating performance. The speculative trading activity involves significant economic risks and anyone doing it does so under 
their own exclusive responsibility, therefore Dark Venus and the author non assumes no responsibility for any direct or indirect damage related to 
investment decisions made by the reader. Therefore, the reader exonerates author, within the limits of the law, from any liability in any case 
connected or deriving from the use of the information present. 
 